[DOC-13563]: Add-missing-search-features-to-the-Morpheus-Whats-New-s… (#3884)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/introduction/partials/new-features-80.adoc

+
The `UPDATE` statement now supports `SET` and `UNSET` of `meta().xattrs.+{attribute}+ elements.`

[#section-new-feature-800--search-service]
=== Search Service

https://jira.issues.couchbase.com/browse/MB-31981[MB-31981]::

New to `8.0.0`, you can use the `partition_selection` property to choose how the Search Service selects the partitions for your Search query.
+

> For more details, see the section on  xref:search:search-request-params.adoc#partition_selection[Search partition selection] on the xref:search:search-request-params.adoc[] page .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see the section on xref:search:search-request-params.adoc#partition_selection[Search partition selection] on the xref:search:search-request-params.adoc[] page.
```

https://jira.issues.couchbase.com/browse/MB-35347[MB-35347]::

> New to `8.0.0`, Couchbase Server now supports synonym matches in full-text searches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New to `8.0.0`, the Search Service now supports searching for synonyms in search queries.
```

+
For more information, see xref:search:synonyms/synonyms-search.adoc[]

https://jira.issues.couchbase.com/browse/MB-46977[MB-46977]::

New to `8.0.0`, we have added new data types to the FTS index, giving more ways to filter your documents.
+
The new types are:

* numeric_type_field
* boolean_type_field
* datetime_type_field
* term_field

+

> For more details, see xref:search:create-type-mapping.adoc[]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New to `8.0.0`, you can now add custom document filters to a Search index, to customize how documents are added to your type mappings.
+
You can now create the following types of document filters:

* xref:search:search-index-params.adoc#boolean_filter[Boolean Document Filters]
* xref:search:search-index-params.adoc#date_range_filter[Date Range Document Filters]
* xref:search:search-index-params.adoc#numeric_range_filter[Numeric Range Document Filters]
* xref:search:search-index-params.adoc#term_filter[Term Document Filters]
* xref:search:search-index-params.adoc#conjunct_filter[Conjunct Document Filters]
* xref:search:search-index-params.adoc#disjunct_filter[Disjunct Document Filters]

+
For more information about creating these new document filters, see xref:search:set-type-identifier.adoc[]
```

https://jira.issues.couchbase.com/browse/MB-58901[MB-58901]::

Couchbase Server version `8.0.0` now supports the BM25 search algorithm for search ranking.
+

> See xref:search:run-searches.adoc#bm25[BM25 search Scoring] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Couchbase Server version `8.0.0` now supports the bm25 algorithm for ranking search results, as an alternative to tf-idf on Search Vector indexes.
+
See xref:search:run-searches.adoc#bm25[bm25 Search Scoring] for details.
```
